Add a bit more text to the pin reuse message in changelog (#3484)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: changelog/2023.12.0.rst

There is a new validation performed on configurations to ensure that pins are not reused unintentionally.
This is a common source of issues and generally a pin does not need to be reused across multiple components

> in a single configuration. Pins should onlybe reused in a very limited set of circumstances and seeing the

Author: ```suggestion
in a single configuration. Pins should only be reused in a very limited set of circumstances and seeing the
```
